How is Xueqing?
Is out of danger
That Zhou Liangren
It could really be his biological father
It's not decided yet.
Go and bring Zhou Liangren here
Auntie, I have nothing to do, so I will go to work first.
Please don't put snow
Jean, talk about my own daughter for free
All right?
Aunt Yan
Have you ever considered
Your biological daughter
It may be very miserable now
If Lu Xueqin is not your biological daughter
The marriage contract between the Chu family and the Luo family
It can still continue.
I know. I know!
But Xueqing
I kept it for 20 years
My own daughter, I will also find him
I have arranged for someone
Go find 20 years ago
The healthcare workers who delivered my baby
The truth will defeat him, I hope.
Hello leaf
When I came out of the emergency room 20 years ago
The first thing you see is blood relatives
Until 5 years ago, he went to study in the imperial capital
We have been inseparable for 15 years
Who the hell are you?
He lied about being his father
Mr. Li, I'm sorry
I lied to you.
I'm a bad gambler
How could I have anything to do with the goblin?
You stinky man
Unexpectedly, I still underestimated your greed